CROWN: The FBI in tandem
with Boston Police
and New Hampshire
State Police
recovered six bodies
from a wooded area
in new Hampshire.
The remains are in advanced
stages of decomposition.
The identities
of the victims
will be released
pending DNA results.
REPORTER: Is Emily Byrne
connected to these bodies?
CROWN: No comment.
REPORTER: My source tells me
that Emily Byrne led you
to the mass grave.
Is this part of
a killing spree?
CROWN: Ms. Byrne is
wanted for the murder of
Special Agent Adam Radford.
There is a $250,000 reward
being offered in connection
with that murder.
That concludes
the question and answer...
Detective Gibbs, what about
the shooting last night?
Any truth to reports
that Byrne was involved?
Fatally wounded?
No comment.
What's your working
theory on why she
came back to Boston?
No comment
on Emily Byrne.
No matter
how many times
you ask.
Thank you.
Where are we?
We're in a motel.
I got the bullet out.
Stitched you up.
There's no major
internal damage.
I spoke to Violet.
I know you've been
asking about me.
Why?
I saw some stuff
on your computer.
What stuff?
There are videos
of women being tortured.
My private life is none
of your business.
Water. Drowning.
You know, the whole
world thinks you're
a serial killer.
Folders with
girls' names.
All flowers.
What exactly
are you accusing me of?
Did you do it?
I did what?
You think I had
anything to do
with your kidnapping?
I'm not sure.
You're not sure.
What about the absences
when I was away?
I was in rehab!
Twice!
Trying to dig myself out
of the hole I fell in
after you were taken.
The only way I could deal
with my life turning to shit!
I didn't realize...
Of course you didn't!
And how about some
fucking gratitude, huh?
I could have left you
to die out there,
I could have
turned you in.
And why didn't you?
I'm sorry.
You're sorry.
You broke into
my apartment,
you snooped around
in my computer,
you followed me,
you had people
ask about me.
I didn't break into
your apartment just
to spy on you,
I swear.
Then why did you?
I just...
I needed your help.
With what?
I had a...
I had something
in my hand at the cemetery.
I was trying to...
Was it this?
Yeah.
A pacemaker?
I found that
on a dead body.
A dead body...
That's what I needed
your help for.
That's the key
to finding
who had me, Jack.
I need your help, please.
You know...
I could go to jail for
what I've already done
for you so far, Em,
so if I'm gonna break
any more laws for you,
you better start
telling me
the whole truth.
I am telling you
Bullshit!
What about
the others, huh?
Who are they?
What others?
They found six bodies
in those woods, Em.
Six! And you knew
they were there.
How?
What did you
do to them?
KID: Get him! Get him!
What's going on? Stop!
Get off of him!
Flynn, get off!
ALICE: Flynn!
Back off!
He said Mom's a killer.
He said Mom's dead.
You're gonna end up
just like her, freak.
Stay away from me!
The cops are gonna get her
and put a bullet in her head.
Go, get outta here.
Get outta here!
What's going on?
Leave me alone!
ALICE: Flynn!
Hey!
Flynn Durand, downstairs.
Kitchen, now!
ALICE: Sit there.
Let me clean that scrape.
How's Mom?
As soon as the police
hear anything,
they'll tell your father.
In the meantime,
we need to stay calm.
And hope that
she's okay.
I know Mom's alive.
Everyone said
she was dead before.
But they were wrong.
She'll come back
this time, too.
Yeah, well that's...
That's what we're
praying for.
You don't
believe it either.
All the stuff they're
saying about her.
No.
No, I know her.
She's a good person.
And she's a good mother,
she wouldn't do anything
that would hurt her chances
of being with you.
Okay. Come.
I know things are
tough now, okay?
I know they're
confusing, but...
I love you,
we all love you.
We're gonna
figure it out.
Okay?
Go change
your clothes, honey.
Come home.
Please.
For Flynn's sake.
For my sake.
We need to be
together now.
No.
I meant what I said.
End this, Nick.
And then we'll talk
about the future.
Okay, okay, okay,
okay, so let's say
I get all of that,
which I don't, the visions,
the body, all of it,
how does
the pacemaker fit in?
Whoever is tied
to the pacemaker,
is someone who is
connected to my childhood
and to my captor.
But you don't have
any proof of that, Em.
That's why I needed you
to track down the name,
you understand?
It's all connected.
Harlow, the tree,
Barrett House...
None of this is making
any sense, Em.
Then help me make sense.
I'm trying!
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Let me see.
No.
Come on,
move your arm.
Yeah, okay, I'm gonna
need to redress this.
You have to
lay down. Okay?
Yeah.
I got you.
All right.
Yeah.
Jack.
Thank you.
Emily,
I sent the cops
to those woods.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to,
it was an accident,
it just...
It's okay.
I'll get you
the name.
But first, let me
get you the gauze.
CAMPBELL: So Emily's been
investigating Semerov
all those years.
And now Jack's connected
to one of his girls?
Mmm-hmm.
I don't like it.
Maybe Emily doesn't
like it either.
Because she thinks
he's the one who
had her in the cabin.
The question is, do we?
Two days ago
I would have said yes,
you know, he was a person
of interest. But now,
with going AWOL like this,
knowing that
we have his laptop,
digging around his
dungeon porn collection...
I'm liking her for this.
Then let's step up our game
and find him or Emily.
Either one, Tommy.
You saw the blood
in the alleyway,
she couldn't
have gotten far
with that gunshot.
We're looking everywhere.
The FBI hotline
is definitely not
helping us,
we got like a hundred
bogus tips an hour.
This reward
is killing us.
She's a walking lotto.
But, look, Tommy,
I think we're missing
something here.
She needs medical attention.
Jack Byrne
used to be a doctor.
Yeah.
Yeah!
Em.
I just got this.
What should I do?
Call him.
How?
Use the burner.
Keep it under two minutes.
And then we have to
power it off right after.
See if you can find
anything out about
the bodies, too.
Okay, it's ringing.
NICK ON PHONE: Agent Durand.
Nick, hey, it's Jack.
Did you find her?
Uh, yeah...
No. No, we didn't get her.
Thanks for
calling back so fast.
What number is this?
I got a new phone.
The damn reporters
kept calling me.
So what's going on?
I saw the news.
All those bodies
in the woods,
I mean... Jesus.
Yeah. Look...
she was shot.
She might need
medical attention.
She might
reach out to you.
If she does,
I'll call you.
Yeah, thanks.
Are you at home now?
Yeah. Why?
Can I
swing by in a bit?
Talk about some things
that could help
with the case.
I'm heading
in that direction
anyway.
Alice took Flynn
to Morris for a few days.
Yeah, sure.
But if I'm not there,
then I'm running
some errands.
Thanks, Jack,
wow, this is...
It's a mess...
Nick, I gotta go.
I'm sorry.
Okay, bye.
Well, listen, I...
Was that okay?
Great.
JOHN: Sorry, he was
using a burner and the call
was too short.
We caught him in a lie.
He said he was home.
We've got uniforms
there now, it's empty.
JOHN: I'm sending you
a file from our techs.
You'll want to
read it ASAP.
TOMMY: Yeah.
Okay, thanks.
You two are
brothers-in-law,
you never got
a vibe off Jack?
Never.
He was a doctor,
Ivy League.
It's not like
we went to barbecues
and ballgames together.
He and Emily
were never close.
Just when Jack Byrne
was starting to look
like our guy.
Our techs just went
through the hard drives
at Semerov's club.
Jack was listed
as a customer.
And his payments
sync up perfectly
with those withdrawals
from his secret account.
He never used the money
to fund the cabin setup.
Well, we don't know
if she knows that.
She's with him,
I'm telling you,
I could tell by his voice.
She could have
snatched him up
thinking he was the one.
We've gotta find them.
Hey.
Come and check this out.
I found a name.
Okay.
You were right.
There is a connection.
EMILY:
Dr. Lu-Fang Shen, MIT.
Behavioral scientist.
The name means
nothing to me.
Look at the next tab.
Here.
Oh my God.
Barrett House.
Yeah, your orphanage.
Dr. Shen was
an administrator there.
He started there after you left.
Went missing
16 years ago,
was declared dead after 10.
Okay, we gotta find
someone we can talk to.
There. He's got
a brother.
Erik Shen.
Owns a restaurant
in Chinatown. And...
It's still open.
What did the hotel
do with my stuff?
They didn't have room,
they're still in
the trunk of my car.
Can you get
me the duffel bag?
Yeah. Of course.
(LIGHT ORIENTAL
MUSIC PLAYING)
EMILY: Excuse me...
Hi, is Mr. Shen here?
Just a moment.
Thank you.
Erik Shen?
I'm...
Special Agent Parker, FBI.
I was hoping to discuss
your brother's disappearance.
That was many years ago.
I have no interest
in discussing it.
We have a new lead.
Look, I'm sorry.
This is behind me,
I don't need to
know anything.
Somebody came forward.
ERIK: I don't remember
much about Lu-Fang's work.
Only that it was
controversial.
He said that was why
MIT dismissed him.
Yeah, but the orphanage job
seems like an odd choice.
I never understood
that move.
But the work
gave him purpose.
It gave him joy working
with those children.
Did he ever talk
to you about his work?
No.
But he was always
with those children.
Either there, or he would
sign them out on weekends,
take them to museums,
zoo, planetarium.
Was he married?
Any kind of
romantic relationships?
He was married
for a short time.
His wife died.
I never really
got to know her.
Lu-Fang was always
a bit strange.
Did you keep
any of his things?
In his will he left
all his research
to the Boston Athenaeum.
But my wife never
got around to it...
It's in storage.
I can give you the key.
Thank you.
JACK: My name is Jack
and I'm an alcoholic.
ALL: Hello, Jack.
I'm here because my...
Friend had
a medical emergency
and I needed to step up.
It's been four years
since I last operated.
But it was someone
I care about on my table.
When I picked up
the scalpel,
all I could think was...
I can't do this.
Oh!
I thought...
I need a shot, you know?
A shot will calm
my nerves and if...
And if one is good,
then two is better, right?
I'll be steady as a rock.
But then I remembered
why I lost my license
in the first place.
I stepped up.
I didn't take the drink.
Okay.
And I saved someone
I care about.
Oh!
I felt like I'd been
given a second chance.
This is the first day
of my sobriety.
Jack Byrne.
What's this about?
I need you to come with me.
SHEN ON TAPE: You've been
given placebos but informed
of the side effects...
For the final phase,
we'll use two subjects,
A and B.
SHEN ON TAPE:
Get inside the tank.
CHILD ON TAPE:
No. I don't want to.
SHEN ON TAPE: But one of you
must do the experiment today.
Who will it be?
CHILD ON TAPE: Nobody.
SHEN ON TAPE:
Someone must.
You may choose.
CHILD ON TAPE: Why?
What did we do wrong?
SHEN ON TAPE: Nothing.
This is special work.
You are part of
something very special.
CHILD ON TAPE:
I want to leave.
SHEN ON TAPE: Okay,
then I will choose.
CHILD ON TAPE:
No! Please.
Don't make me.
No! Stop!
Don't hurt me! Please!
Don't hurt me!
We know you came
to your sister's aid.
Her blood was
in your car.
Nice try.
There's no proof
when she was in
my client's car.
Here's what I'm trying
to understand, Jack.
You helped us
track her down.
Now you're willing to
go to jail for her?
What changed
Look, I get it.
I get it.
She got shot,
this was life and death,
the kind of thing you put
differences aside for.
That's why you helped her.
Work with me here
a little bit, huh?
I don't know what
you're talking about.
MAN 1: Bitch almost
got away from us.
Thought we lost her.
MAN 2: Holy fuck!
MAN 1: You know
what we gotta do.
MAN 2: Yeah, not
looking forward to it.
MAN 1: We gotta find a cop,
turn her in, just get
that reward money.
MAN 2: We split that shit
down the middle.
MAN 1: Fuck middle my ass.
I found her.
MAN 2: You couldn't
have done it without me.
Bitch killed six people,
maybe more.
MAN 2: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Anyway, I provided the ride,
you don't even have a car.
MAN 1: You know what?
Fuck you and your car.
MAN 2: Hey, fuck you, too!
MAN 1: What'd you say?
MAN 2: Nothing.
MAN 1: Just keep going.
MAN 1: Hey,
did you hear that?
MAN 2: Hear what?
MAN 1: Stop the car.
MAN 2: I didn't
hear anything.
MAN 1: Shh!
Shut the fuck up!
MAN 1: Come on, man,
let's get the money
before she wakes up.
Come on, let's go, let's go!
MAN 2: All right,
I'm going, I'm going.
MAN 1: Man, it's
the red light. Stop!
MAN 1: Watch the road,
you're gonna get us killed.
I don't want to die
before I get rich.
MAN 1: Come on,
let me drive.
MAN 2: No fucking way!
It's my ride.
Oh, my God! Are you all right?
MAN 1: I don't
give a fuck. Either...
Hey! Hey!
What are you doing?
Hey, my car!
She stole my car!
Shit!
You tied her, man!
If he gives us something,
he can walk out of here.
How did she contact you?
Where did you
pick her up?
Hmm?
Did she say anything
about those woods?
Those bodies,
those graves?
Come on.
Huh?
We found six bodies
over there, Jack.
She didn't do it.
It was you?
What?
Let's see.
Getting fired
from the hospital,
secret bank account,
connections to Semerov...
You think I don't know
what you're doing here?
You think I can't
see through this?
You try to pump me
for information
and then you're just gonna
twist it and turn it
and use it however
you want against her.
So, no.
I have nothing for you.
I got these for you.
Jack Byrne,
you're under arrest
for harboring
a wanted fugitive.
How is your boy?
He's confused about Emily.
I don't know
what to tell him.
They're resilient.
Maybe all the signs
were there
and I just missed them,
you know?
What signs?
The way she would get...
When she wanted something
and she didn't get it.
She'd snap.
Now you're describing
my ex-wife.
Wife number one, two or three?
Touche.
SHEN ON TAPE:
How did it make you feel?
CHILD ON TAPE:
I couldn't breathe.
I was swallowing water.
I thought I was going to die.
Why are you
doing this to us?
SHEN ON TAPE: To see
how you adapt to your
surroundings over time.
CHILD ON TAPE:
I hate it.
SHEN ON TAPE:
The only way to stop it
is to do the experiment
on someone else.
That means you will be
in charge of adding
the water to the tank.
CHILD ON TAPE:
No. No, please.
Please don't!
Please don't do this to me!
I don't want to
do this, please!
I don't wanna do this!
I hate you! I hate you!
SHEN ON TAPE:
Easy! Easy, Charles!
CHARLES ON TAPE:
I hate you!
I hate you! I hate you!
SHEN ON TAPE:
Easy! Easy, Charles!
Cut it out, Charles!
ALICE ON VOICEMAIL:
Hi, this is Alice.
Leave a message.
Hey, it's me, um...
Give me a call back
when you get this.
I just want to
give you a heads up,
I'm on my way over.
I won't stay long.
Bye.
Alice!
Hey, baby, it's me.
I just wanted to call
to tell you that
I'm still alive
and I love you.
And we'll be together
soon, okay?